1. Trump says Putin talks 'don't go anywhere' as he imposes new sanctions
2. King Charles becomes first head of Church of England to pray publicly with Pope
3. Gen Z rising? Why young Indians aren't taking to the streets
4. Watch: Millions of red crabs begin annual migration on Christmas Island
5. Person of interest in British girl's disappearance named in Australian state parliament
6. King Charles becomes first head of Church of England to pray publicly with Pope
7. China names new second highest-ranking general after military purge
8. Rubio warns against West Bank annexation after Israel's parliament advances move
9. Myanmar's army is taking back territory with relentless air strikes - and China's help
10. Gen Z rising? Why young Indians aren't taking to the streets
11. France backing away from pledge to intercept migrant boats, sources tell BBC
12. Portland Trail Blazers coach and Miami Heat player arrested in NBA gambling case
13. Videos show blast at Russia munitions factory that reportedly killed 10
14. Toxic air is back again in Delhi - here's why it's so hard to stop it
15. Strong winds in New Zealand leave tens of thousands without power
16. More to explore
17. Myanmar's army is taking back territory with relentless air strikes - and China's help
18. An ex-first lady, a tycoon and a 'safe pair of hands' vie for power in Ivory Coast
19. How the prosecution of an Army veteran over Bloody Sunday ended in acquittal
20. I thought my insides were falling out: The condition affecting one in 12 mums
21. IOC to tell members not to host events in Indonesia
22. An ex-first lady, a tycoon and a 'safe pair of hands' vie for power in Ivory Coast
23. IOC to tell members not to host events in Indonesia
24. Most watched
25. Watch: Millions of red crabs begin annual migration on Christmas Island
26. Trump to Australian ambassador: 'I don't like you either'
27. Pen pals from Canada and Singapore meet for the first time after 43 years
28. NYC mayoral candidates clash over Trump and political experience
29. Watch: Mum helps evacuate 22 schoolchildren from bus as it catches fire
30. Also in news
31. Blackouts hit Russia's Belgorod as Ukrainian drone attacks surge
32. Australia MP names person of interest in Cheryl Grimmer disappearance case
33. Barbs fly as Mamdani and Cuomo meet in final, furious New York mayoral debate
34. TikTok creator and US marshal shot during LA immigration raid
35. British man drowns in Australia after surfboard snaps in wild weather
36. Australia MP names person of interest in Cheryl Grimmer disappearance case
37. European firms unite in bid to rival SpaceX
38. China names new second highest-ranking general after military purge
39. Barbs fly as Mamdani and Cuomo meet in final, furious New York mayoral debate
40. Most read
41. Trump says Putin talks 'don't go anywhere' as he imposes new sanctions
42. Rubio warns against West Bank annexation after Israel's parliament advances move
43. Gen Z rising? Why young Indians aren't taking to the streets
44. China names new second highest-ranking general after military purge
45. Myanmar's army is taking back territory with relentless air strikes - and China's help
46. Why Beyond Meat shares surged over 1,000% in four days
47. Farm and wildlife park welcomes new lions and tiger
48. Barbs fly as Mamdani and Cuomo meet in final, furious New York mayoral debate
49. Person of interest in British girl's disappearance named in Australian state parliament
50. Met officer sacked after BBC Panorama investigation
51. Sport
52. Week of the wonderkids - who shone in Champions League?
53. Kane can't stop scoring - is the Ballon d'Or within reach?
54. Littler seeks world number one spot this weekend
55. Frank's start at Spurs: Analysis & your views after rare stalemate
56. Women's Footballer of the Year contender Hampton
57. Kane can't stop scoring - is the Ballon d'Or within reach?
58. Why Messi's MLS legacy needs play-off triumph
59. England win series v NZ after rain ruins third T20
60. Littler seeks world number one spot this weekend
